Add issue templates (#26)
hashicorp/terraform-cloud-operator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: 🚀 Feature request
about: Suggest an idea or an improvement for this project
title: '🚀 '
labels: 'feature-request'
assignees: ''

---
<!---

> Please DO NOT remove any fields from this template. If there is nothing to add, leave N/A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please DO NOT remove any fields from this template. If there is nothing to add, fill in N/A.
```
